MOLT Fetch GA fast-follow issues (#18573)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.1/molt-verify.md

| Mac              | [Download](https://molt.cockroachdb.com/molt/cli/molt-latest.darwin-amd64.tgz)  | [Download](https://molt.cockroachdb.com/molt/cli/molt-latest.darwin-arm64.tgz)  |

{{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}

> For previous binaries, see the [MOLT version manifest](https://molt.cockroachdb.com/molt/cli/versions.html). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For previous binaries, refer to the [MOLT version manifest](https://molt.cockroachdb.com/molt/cli/versions.html). 
```
